Describe local testing in README (#72)
kyma-project/subscription-cleanup-job: README.md

For more information on KCP and its components, read the [KCP documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/tree/main/docs) and the [KEB documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker/blob/main/docs).

## Runnining locally

- download your Gardener Kubeconfig (personal kubeconfig, service account isn't needed)
- build subscription cleanup job: `go build ./cmd/subscriptioncleanup/main.go`
- set environmental variables:
  - `APP_GARDENER_PROJECT=frog-dev`
  - `APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH=$PWD/kubeconfig-garden-frog-dev.yaml`
- run the job: `./main`

SCJ will look for secret bindings in the Gardener with `dirty=true` and `hyperscalerType` labels.
If `hyperscalerType` is not set, the secret will be logged and ignored.
If `dirty=true` is not set, the secret will be ignored.
If there are shoots assigned to the secret bindings, it will be logged and ignored.

> [!CAUTION]
> SCJ will remove all resources associated with the secret bindings.
> This will break any existing shoots associated with the subscription.
>

> > Make sure nobody is using the subscription (can be a different secret) before running SCJ.

Reviewer: How should we make sure that nobody is using the subscription?

Author: I checked if subscriptions assigned to our gardener have other secrets. It could be theoreticall possible that someone used the same secret in 2 gardener instances, but that would be terrible and they arguably deserve the cleanup.

Gardener shows if there are shoots using given secret.

The only possibility left is multiple secrets assigned to same subscription, that's a matter of configuring Gardener - it's not a problem on frog-gardener, as far as I was able to verify (by looking at secrets and secret bindings)

For more information on KCP and its components, read the [KCP documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/tree/main/docs) and the [KEB documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker/blob/main/docs).

## Runnining locally

- download your Gardener Kubeconfig (personal kubeconfig, service account isn't needed)
- build subscription cleanup job: `go build ./cmd/subscriptioncleanup/main.go`
- set environmental variables:
  - `APP_GARDENER_PROJECT=frog-dev`
  - `APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH=$PWD/kubeconfig-garden-frog-dev.yaml`
- run the job: `./main`

> SCJ will look for secret bindings in the Gardener with `dirty=true` and `hyperscalerType` labels.

Reviewer 2: Is it just 'Gardener' or 'your Gardener instance'? Or something else?

> SCJ will look for secret bindings in the Gardener with `dirty=true` and `hyperscalerType` labels.

Author: It's the gardener instance accessed by kubeconfig, configured earlier

> SCJ will look for secret bindings in the Gardener with `dirty=true` and `hyperscalerType` labels.

Reviewer 2: I see. Wouldn't it be more precise to say 'SCJ searches the Gardener instance for secret bindings with `dirty=true` and `hyperscalerType` labels.'?

> If `hyperscalerType` is not set, the secret will be logged and ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `hyperscalerType` is not set, the Secret is logged and ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: As this is a rule, not a prediction, please do not use the future form. See the [content guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology.md#tenses).

> If `dirty=true` is not set, the secret will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `dirty=true` is not set, the Secret is ignored.
```

> If there are shoots assigned to the secret bindings, it will be logged and ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there are shoots assigned to the secret bindings, the Secret is logged and ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: I assume that 'it' refers to the Secret. If not, please name whatever it should be because 'it' is confusing.

> [!CAUTION]

> > SCJ will remove all resources associated with the secret bindings.
> > This will break any existing shoots associated with the subscription.
> >
> > Make sure nobody is using the subscription (can be a different secret) before running SCJ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> SCJ removes all resources associated with the secret bindings.
> This causes breaking any existing shoots associated with the subscription.
>
> Before running SCJ, ensure nobody is using the subscription and multiple Secrets are not assigned to the subscription.
```

> Example correct run with no dirty secrets:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See an example of a correct run with no dirty Secrets:

```

```
$ APP_GARDENER_PROJECT=frog-dev APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH=$PWD/kubeconfig-garden-frog-dev.yaml ./main
INFO[0000] Starting cleanup job!
INFO[0000] Started releasing resources
Please visit the following URL in your browser: http://localhost:8000
INFO[0020] Finished releasing resources
INFO[0020] # HALT ISTIO SIDECAR #
ERRO[0020] unable to send post request to quit Istio sidecar: Post "http://127.0.0.1:15020/quitquitquit": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:15020: connect: connection refused
INFO[0020] Cleanup job finished successfully!
```

> Example correct run after `k label secretbindings/gardener-secret dirty=true` (no resources to delete):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See an example of a correct run after `k label secretbindings/gardener-secret dirty=true` with no resources to delete:
```
